Can you pass me the salt please.
I will be home around seven tonight.
Did you see the game last night?
The traffic on the highway was terrible this morning.
Let me know when you are ready to leave.
We should order pizza for dinner.
My sister is coming to visit next weekend.
Have you finished the report for tomorrow?
It looks like it is going to rain later.
I cannot find my keys anywhere.
Turn the volume down a little bit.
What time does the movie start?
The kids are playing in the backyard.
I need to buy groceries after work.
That was the best coffee I have had in weeks.
Please remember to call your grandmother.
The meeting has been moved to Thursday afternoon.
Where did you put the remote control?
He said he would fix the sink on Saturday.
I think we need a bigger table for the kitchen.
Hey, how are you doing today?
Hey there, long time no see.
My buddy from college is getting married.
He is a good friend and a great neighbor.
The body of the car was badly scratched.
Everybody was talking about the new restaurant.
Somebody left the door open again.
Nobody knew the answer to the question.
Hey everyone, dinner is ready.
Say hi to your brother for me.
Buddy the dog loves to chase the ball.
I bought a new pair of running shoes.
The dishwasher is making a strange noise.
Could you help me carry these boxes upstairs?
We are running out of milk and bread.
The train was delayed by twenty minutes.
I love the smell of fresh bread in the morning.
Why is the printer not working again?
Let us take the long way home through the park.
My phone battery is almost dead.
I left my phone on the kitchen counter.
Where is my phone, I just had it a second ago.
Can you call my phone so I can find it?
The weather is nice today, let us go for a walk.
She plays the piano every evening after dinner.
They are building a new school down the street.
I forgot to water the plants yesterday.
Do you want tea or coffee?
The baby finally fell asleep.
That song has been stuck in my head all day.
Please do not forget to lock the back door.
We watched a documentary about the ocean.
Our flight leaves early on Monday morning.
He is studying for his driving test.
The cat knocked a glass off the table.
Put the leftovers in the fridge please.
I am going to the gym after lunch.
The store closes at nine on weekdays.
What should we get your mother for her birthday?
The internet has been really slow lately.
Honestly, I have no idea what he meant by that.
It is way too hot to be outside right now.
Can you believe how expensive gas has become?
I will text you the address in a minute.
The neighbors are having a party again.
Let me check my calendar and get back to you.
We need to clean the garage this weekend.
He always tells the same jokes at dinner.
The soup needs a little more salt.
I have a dentist appointment on Friday.
Grab an umbrella before you leave.
The team scored in the last minute of the game.
You can borrow my charger if you need it.
This book is much better than the movie.
The light in the hallway keeps flickering.
They moved to a small town near the mountains.
She is learning to speak Spanish.
I think I heard someone knock on the door.
Hey, did you hear that sound?
Okay, let us get started with the meeting.
Hello, is anybody home?
Hi, I am calling about the appointment.
Good morning, how did you sleep?
Bye for now, see you later.
The bus stop is just around the corner.
My laptop needs a software update.
Can we talk about this later tonight?
The chicken needs another ten minutes in the oven.
I usually go jogging before breakfast.
The garden looks beautiful this time of year.
We ran out of paper towels again.
Tell me more about your trip to Italy.
There is a spider in the bathroom.
I am so tired, I could sleep for a week.
The children are making too much noise.
Don't forget your lunch on the counter.
The price of vegetables went up again.
We should plan a picnic for next Sunday.
He fixed the bike and went for a ride.
The coffee machine is out of water.
I am looking for a good book to read.
My back hurts from sitting all day.
They are showing the match on the big screen.
The dog needs to go outside for a walk.
We could paint the living room a lighter color.
Look at the size of that pumpkin.
The package should arrive by Wednesday.
Who ate the last piece of cake?
It is quiet here in the evenings.
The heater is not warming up the room.
Is it my turn to do the dishes?
